Update and rename QoD_Latency_Bandwidth_User_Story.md (#103)
camaraproject/QualityOnDemand: documentation/API_documentation/QoD_User_Story.md

# Quality-On-Demand (QoD) API User Story

| **Item** | **Details** |
| ---- | ------- |

> | ***Summary*** | As an application developer belonging to an enterprise, I want to request (using my application server/backend service), stable latency or throughput for a specified App-Flow from a Communication Service Provider (CSP), so that I can ensure better quality of experience for our end users inlcuding under network congestion.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ***Summary*** | As an application developer belonging to an enterprise, I want to request (using my application server/backend service), stable latency or prioritized throughput for a specified App-Flow from a Communication Service Provider (CSP), so that I can ensure better quality of experience for our end users including under network congestion.  |
```

Author: I would rather make it explicit into "stable latency or stable bandwidth". But prioritization is just one technical mean to achieve that (to the extent which is possible, yes, not guaranteed).

Author: Partly done in [7bd2faa](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/103/commits/7bd2faa26ded46e2edf008822349fd41a5707451)

Reviewer: I don't think we should talk explicitly about stable throughput or bandwidth at this point. In the introduction in the [API doc](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/blob/main/documentation/API_documentation/QoD_API.md), we already use the expression "prioritized throughput": "Being able to request a stable latency (reduced jitter) or **prioritized throughput** from the network can improve user experience substantially.". "prioritized traffic" would serve as well.

There's still a minor typo at "inlcluding".

Author: Sorry about the typo ... I will make a short commit.

But the documentation isn't consistent regarding "prioritized":
* "to request stable latency or throughput" (in first paragraph)
* "request a stable latency (reduced jitter) or prioritized throughput" (first paragraph of intro)
* "prioritized service with stable latency or throughput" (within detail)
... the rest is all "(stable) latency or throughput"

For me "prioritized service with stable latency or throughput" is the most correct.

Reviewer: I agree it is not consistent. In the discussions for the documentation we made some effort with the wording in order to avoid expectancy for a guaranteed service in terms of latency or throughput. It is not easy. Probably "prioritized service with stable latency or throughput" is the most correct to me also.

| ***Pre-conditions*** |The preconditions are listed below:<br><ol><li>The Customer:BusinessManager and Customer:Administrator have been onboarded to the CSP's API platform.</li><li>The Customer:BusinessManager has successfully subscribed to the QoD product from the product catalog.</li><li>The Customer:Administrator has onboarded the Customer:User to the platform.</li><li>The Customer either owns the device subscriptions or has agreed to the terms and conditions of the CSP for managing consent of subscription owners.</li><li>The means to get the access token are known to the Customer:User to ensure secure access of the API.|
| ***Activities/Steps*** | **Starts when:** The customer application server makes a POST request to the QoD API to create a new QoD session resource and optionally registers a callback URL for receiving notifications.<br>**Ends when:** The customer application server makes a DELETE request to the QoD API, or the QoD session resource deletion was triggered automatically either because the customer specified duration has expired or the default expiration limit set by the QoD service provider has reached. |

> | ***Post-conditions*** | The specified App-Flow was provided stable throughput or stable latency and if callback url was specified, a QoD session resource termination notification was received at the end.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ***Post-conditions*** | The specified App-Flow was provided prioritized throughput or stable latency and if callback URL was specified, a QoD session resource termination notification was received at the end.  |
```

Author: Same as above.

Author: Partly done in [7bd2faa](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/103/commits/7bd2faa26ded46e2edf008822349fd41a5707451)
